Doc fixes part 2 (#110)
codelingo/docs: docs/concepts/CLQL.md

# Lexicons

> CodeLingo Query Language (CLQL) queries are statements of Facts about a domain of knowledge such as an AST. Those Facts come from Lexicons, for example, an AST lexicon provides Facts about the syntatic structure of a codebase which we can then query to identify complex patterns.

Reviewer: Hmm, I feel like this could be worded better but I'm not sure how... Might get a second review on this.
```suggestion
CodeLingo Query Language (CLQL) queries are statements of Facts about a domain of knowledge (e.g. an AST). Facts come from Lexicons. In the case of an AST Lexicon, the Lexicon provides Facts about the syntactic structure of a codebase, which can then be queried to identify arbitrary patterns in code.
```

## Lexicon SDK

> If you are interested in writing your own custom Lexicons, please reach out via  **hello@codelingo.io**.

Reviewer 2: check who has access to this email (if anyone), even better - get them to join the slack chan!

If run in the CLI with `lingo run rewrite` the user is prompted with a prompt like:
```
Syncing your repo...
Running rewrite flow...
StringLiteral["Goodbye, World"]:
```

> Where the user can enter custom input to replace the string or have it replaced by the default we defined: "Goodbye, World".

Reviewer: I think an extended shell example would be good. Or even better, a gif of the rewrite in action
